# Data Files
* `scraped_data_raw\`: This folder is where the script to scrape restaurants from addresses outputs to.
* `11-19-2021 730pm ET\`: Files with these naming patterns contain scrapes at points in time copied over from the `scraped_data_raw` folder. 
    * The csv files with the longer names in them have the timestamp of when the data was written, and the rows (corresponding to  `OAK_Berk_geocodio_filtered.csv`) that are in that file. 
    * `df_merged.csv` is these files appended to each other, and joined with `OAK_Berk_geocodio_filtered.csv`. These files are generated by running `process_raw_data.ipynb`.
* `alemada_ca_gb_geocodio.csv`
* `OAK_Berk_geocodio.csv`: The addresses to check, with lattitude, longitude, and Geoid.
* `OAK_Berk_geocodio_filtered.csv`: A shortened version of `OAK_Berk_geocodio.csv` with some rows removed.
* `ACS\`: This folder contains data from the 2019 Census. 

# Scripts
* `posty2_redo.py`: The script that uses selenium to take an address, and return delivery time, name, and delivery fee for a restaurant.
* `distance2.py`: Given the link to a restaurant on postmates and the lattitude and longitude of an address, find the distance between those two (will be used to normalize delivery time).
* `distance.py`: Obsolete. 
* `distance_scrape.py`
* `posty2_redo.py` and join with `OAK_Berk_geocodio_filtered.csv` into a single file called `df_merged.csv`. 
* `posty2.py`: Obsolete. 
# Notebooks
* `process_raw_data.ipynb`: Used to combine multiple CSVs from 
* `Filter_Geocodio.ipynb`: Used to filter `OAK_Berk_geocodio.csv` into valid addresses in `OAK_Berk_geocodio_filtered.csv`.

# Aux Files
* `chromedriver`: Used for selenium Mac
* `chromedriver.exe`: Used for selenium Windows